coconuts
[Music]
right
[Applause]
[Music]
hmm
[Applause]
maybe
[Music]
i can do
it
i will try i can do
it'll be fine i can do
it
what if i can't
can i do it
maybe not
yes you're scared
but it's okay
you can chase the fear away
look inside your heart to see
the bravest person you can be
here wear this it'll give you
[Music]
the courage away
look inside your heart to see
the bravest person you can
you can do it
if you try you can do it
give it time you can do it
yes you can
and we'll ride
[Music]
give it time i can do
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
[Applause]
make the tree
cross the branches
loop the loop
pull tight
[Music]
bunny ears
[Applause]
[Music]
make the tree
cross the branches
loop the loop
hold tight
[Music]
funny ears
tie my shoes
i
make the tree
cross the branches
[Music]
bunny
bunny ears playing by a tree
chris across the tree
trying to catch me
[Music]
tie my shoes like mom and dad and tom
tom do i want to tie
[Music]
make the tree
cross the branches
loop the loop
hold tight
body
ears plane by a tree
crisscross
[Music]
is
[Applause]
[Music]
i tried and tried
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
what do we do with all the coins we find
what do we do with all the coins
we spend it
no
we save it
[Music]
shake
day
[Music]
what do we do with all the coins
we save it
[Music]
shake
rainy day
[Music]
what do we do with all the coins
we spend it
no we save it
[Music]
oh
is
[Music]
we all have five senses
touch and taste as well
your eyes
let's hear with our ears
[Music]
this sounds high and squeaky
let's look with our eyes
[Music]
a ladybug
it's fun to
look at this
let's touch with our hands
this feels wet and squishy
[Music]
yellow
we all have five senses
touch and taste as well
let's taste with our mouse
[Music]
let's smell with our noses
this smells sweet and yummy
[Applause]
cinnamon rolls it's fun to smell with
our noses
[Music]
we all have five sentences
my daughter and me
we play hard she's my little soccer star
my daughter and me i'm glad that
you're mine
[Music]
my mommy and me
we plant the flowers in the garden for
hours my mommy and me
my mommy and me
i'm glad that
[Music]
today is a day to celebrate
mothers and daughters together
[Music]
my daughter and me
we have the same nose and fingers and
toes my daughter and me
my daughter and me i'm glad that wow
[Music]
my mommy and me
we dress up fancy with polka dots and
beads my mommy and me
my mommy and me
i'm glad that
you're mine
my daughter and me
my mommy and me
so happy can't you see there's no place
i'd rather be
my daughter and me
my mommy and me
you're mine
[Music]
let's all count sheep
count one two three
until we sleep
let's all count sheep
could we keep playing
miss appleberry
please please
you'll play your best if you have some
rest
[Music]
let's all count sheep
count one two three
until we sleep
let's all count sheep i'm scared of the
dark
this apple berry i'm scared of the dark
please
see your lord shine
you'll be just mine
see your light shine you will be just
fine
[Music]
let's all count sheep
count one two three
until we sleep
let's all count sheep i'm all by myself
miss
appleberry i'm all by myself
please
no need to fear with your teddy here
let's all count sheep
count one two three
until we sleep
let's all count sheep
[Music]
in dreams
[Applause]
count one two
three
[Music]
wow
like a seagull
[Music]
a little red crab walks right by
these are the things that live at the
beach it's so fun to learn what lives at
the beach these are the things that live
at the beach
[Music]
snap snap
do i see a sea turtle wiggles on the
sandy beach flippers waving swish swish
like
[Music]
i look at the beach and what do i see
dolphins playing the waves
[Music]
these are the things i live at the beach
it's so fun to learn what lives at the
beach these are the things at the beach
[Music]
[Applause]
lights
let's turn off the lights
yes yes yes i will turn off the light
good
a helpful thing to do
[Music]
c
teddy turns off the lights
one two three he flips the switch you
see
yes yes yes
[Music]
trash
let's pick up the trash
yes yes yes i will pick up the trash
[Music]
yes
let's turn off the water
yes i will turn off the water
good
a helpful thing to do
[Music]
he twists the knob you see
[Laughter]
let's reuse
[Music]
good
a helpful thing to do
yeah yeah
i like
[Music]
yes
it's time to plan to drink yes
[Music]
you see yes
[Laughter]
[Music]
baker's man
bake me a cake as fast as you can
pat it and roll it and mark it with a
bee
and put it in the oven for baby and meat
as fast as you can
pat it and roll it and mark it with a b
and put it in the oven for
[Music]
take it baby
right to the very last bite
[Music]
make me as
you
[Music]
get out of
the ants go marching three by three the
little one stops to climb a tree and
they all go marching down to the ground
to get out of the rain
[Music]
down
the ants go marching five by five hurrah
hurrah
[Music]
oh
the ants go marching six by six the
little ones
[Music]
let's go marching seven by seven hurrah
they
[Music]
the ants go marching nine by nine
to check the time and they all go
marching down
[Music]
the little ones
get out of the rain
[Music]
growing growing little
so plants
i could dance
just like magic
watch them grow
i love to
let's watch our shovels
[Music]
[Applause]
let's plant our seeds
[Music]
[Applause]
baby sees
[Music]
now let's give our seeds a drink
do seeds like apple juice
[Music]
plants get thirsty just like you
water
[Music]
baby seeds
just like magic
[Music]
[Applause]
did you know plants need to eat too
would it like my peanut butter sandwich
plants get hungry yes they do
they use the sun to make their food
grow and grow
babies
[Music]
[Applause]
but when will the plants come
be out
wait and see
one day
[Music]
so excited
watch
[Music]
uh